I don't know what is happening, but I seemed to have had my first "episode" of sorts. Honestly, it may not have been my first, but this is the first time I felt...out of control.

I usually feel as though I can suck back in the tears, and hide my true emotions, but about 2-3 days ago, I broke down. I just kept crying. And I couldn't stop the flow. It felt like hot tea, dripping over the side of my mug. It was frustrating. I could not verbalize what was going on inside my head because I did not even understand what was happening. I tried to distract myself with my own mind map, but every time I would start typing away, tears poured. 

She was there though. I am amazed because although she did not know what to do either, she remained pretty calm, considering, and stayed by my side. She tried not to overstep, but she tried her best to comfort me and keep me distracted and reassure me that it was ok to feel what I felt, and that whatever came to mind that was suddenly distressing me I should address it head on. 

I told my younger sister that same day that I did not know what was going wrong with me, that I couldn't stop crying. She said that I should see someone. And I agree. But went threw me back into my loop was that she mentioned that my older sister should see someone too. All I could think of from that moment was when I fought with my older sister, and I heard and felt signs that we both should most definitely see a professional. We, as sisters, all felt that we should see someone, but when we were growing up, mental illness was always shrugged off as being secondary and always within our own control. And although I believe it is in our own control, I do think it is important to seek help to master that control of our own mental health. 

>The acknowledgement of mental illnesses occurring in marginalized groups have to made, across all races, religions, ethnicities, communities, everywhere. Mental illness crosses so many societal constructs, but is more often than not overlooked in marginalized communities. There have been more POC with mental illnesses killed by the police, because they have not been helped, and the police do not have the proper training (or simply do not care enough) to treat them as the humans they are. Communities of color neglect the importance of mental wellness and cast off seeing therapists or other mental health professionals as a sign of weakness. 

My last two days of constant tears and panic and guilt and shame and paranoia reminded me of all the times my mom and her family has laughed at and mocked me for wanting to get a degree in psychology. 

Yea, I'm honestly not doing that well right now, financially or employment-wise, but I think it is important so I'm not going to give up. I am not known for speaking out, but once I get a handle of whatever is going on for myself, I think it may be good for me to actively speak about the necessity of caring for one's own mentality. 
